After you do your activity tour, then it really depends on what type of
job you have, to dictate what you want to do afterwards. So, if you
really love your job, then you'll probably make it a thirty year career
if that's possible. I know a lot of people who were like spies,
you know, the crypto techs, the people in human relations, the public
relations officers, they absolutely love their job and they couldn't
think of doing anything else. Some of the people with harder jobs,
for instance, the nuclear field, maybe some of the advanced jobs
like the E. T.'s or the fire control men, they might be expected to
do a little bit more work and they can be a little bit more demanding,
sometimes a little bit more frustrating. They have to do more sea
tours, so you get to a point where you want to actually live the civilian
life that you see many other people are experiencing. So, by
the time your six years is up or four years, in some cases, is up,
that's a pretty big milestone for you to make for your career and the
turnover can be pretty sharp. My guess is that 20% of people actually
stay in, while the other 80%, they actually go out and use their
education benefits and live higher paying jobs, doing something that's
a lot easier work.